doc: added installation and contributing section (#23)
exasim-project/NeoFOAM: doc/contributing.rst

Contributing
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Contributions are highly welcomed. Here are some information geting you started.

```

Building the Documentation
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The documentation is built using sphinx and doxygen that are required to be installed on your system. The documentation can be built using the following command:

Reviewer: Maybe add a sentence, like

```suggestion
NeoFOAMs documentation can be found [online](https://exasim-project.com/NeoFOAM/). However, if you wan't to build the documentation locally you can do so, by executing the following steps. 
First make sure that  sphinx and doxygen are installed on your system. Second execute the following commands:
```
